well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about what
the founders would do
a little bit about the constitution and
we're probably going to hear some rain
hitting the roof um
there's a lot of statements being made
right now
and they all carry the same general idea
so i want to talk about these statements
that are being made and we're going to
talk about the general idea i don't want
to straw man anybody's
opinion so if i've got something wrong
correct me in the comment section but
i'm going to make an earnest attempt
to explain where these statements are
coming from
and then we're going to talk about it
the first part of them
is always i swore an oath to support and
defend the constitution of the united
states and that oath doesn't have an
expiration date
cool i'm with you seriously
i like dedication even if it's to a
cause i don't necessarily support even
if it's to a calls i oppose nobody wants
to win against somebody who's half
committed
so i'm with you there the next part is
that the stay-at-home stuff well that's
unconstitutional
it's causing a lot of economic
devastation
the science is shaky the experts don't
really know what they're talking about
and then all of this is followed up with
the founders never would have tolerated
it
that's the general statement that's
coming out
okay i've said this before
on this channel and anytime i say people
get mad but it constantly gets
proven to be a pretty accurate statement
when people
say i support defend the constitution
normally
what they mean is i support and defend
the bill of rights
and generally most people only know the
first two amendments
there's another group that may know the
fourth and fifth as well but there are
very few that actually know
the first 10 amendments to the
constitution if you want to support
defend the constitution you have to read
it
all of it oddly enough
what matters a whole lot in this case is
the
10th amendment it is in the bill of
rights and what it says
roughly is that any power that isn't
specifically
given to the federal government in the
constitution is a power
that is the states they have that power
if you read the constitution what you
will find out is that
by and large um the states have
authority here
not the feds you know they've got stuff
that happens in our state
and stuff that occurs with other nations
but what occurs inside of a state not so
much
they can advise assist facilitate and
they should
but they can't really order anything
that's why if you go back through these
videos
you don't see me calling for donald
trump to order something
you don't see that you see me asking for
leadership
because that's what he should be doing
it's the states
that have authority here the next part
of this
is that well they can't override my my
first amendment right to peaceably
assemble
my freedom of movement they can't just
take that away
yes they can in a situation like this
yes they can the supreme court using the
mechanisms in the constitution
which you support and defend said they
can
there are tons of decisions on this
um just because something is
inconvenient
does not mean that it is
unconstitutional
in this situation they do have this
authority
it's been ruled on
now in
philadelphia they once had an issue with
yellow fever
and if you know anything about yellow
fever you're like what this isn't a joke
it really happened it's weird but
it happened
it caused a lot of economic devastation
so much so that the banks
were just like you know what we're gonna
automatically renew everybody's notes
y'all don't even worry about it
because the banks were better back then
the science was shaky they didn't really
understand it
they locked down the entire city
on shaky science with a whole bunch of
economic devastation
put up checkpoints inhibited people's
right to peaceably symbol and their
freedom of movement
it happened the president at the time
was george washington
it doesn't get more founder-ish than
george washington
the idea that the founders wouldn't have
tolerated this
is historically inaccurate not only
would they they did
in many cases some of them actually
played a hand in those
if you want to support and defend the
constitution you have to know what's in
it
you have to know the whole thing
this is not unconstitutional and the
founders certainly
would have would have been okay with it
they were
does this mean that we shouldn't worry
about expansive government of course not
of course that's not what it means we
absolutely should
this scenario has played out many times
in american history the powers are
exercised
and then they recede when this is over
we should certainly make
sir make sure that it recedes you want
to get out there and
and make a statement for that i will be
with you
probably still wearing a mask
that's something that we should be
concerned about but to present this as
unconstitutional
or something the founders wouldn't have
tolerated it is wrong
it's inaccurate it's not true
and these statements well-meaning or not
they're sending the wrong message
if you cry wolf about tyranny
when tyranny arrives nobody's going to
believe you
this has played out over and over again
in american history
rights come with responsibilities and
one of them
is to become educated anyway
it's just a thought y'all uh y'all have
a good day